Atitit 你永远是中国人，，

如果你的国家主体民族不是和你同一个种族，做为不同种族，一定要记得，那是异族的民族国家，不是你的民族国家，所谓的你们都是同样的公民，那是一个可怕的谎言。。
在和平时期，nothing,但是一旦发生经济下滑，战争，骚乱，，你将作为国家的敌人而成为受害者。。

这在历史上屡见不鲜，二战，美国人把把日本后裔美国人关入集中营，如果日本进攻美国本土，这些人将很快面临死亡。。
印尼，已经爆发了很多次种族仇杀。。。
在中国，也是个多民族国家，新疆人西藏人也 拿着中国国籍，，但中国人并不真正信任他们。。当然表面上，都说是中国人，实际上对异族中国人提防。。每次如果你是一个印尼华人，马来西亚华人，中国人可以信任你，但不会信任不同种族的持有中国护照的异族人。。

所以作为印尼华人 ，国籍问题，本质上华人第一国籍是中国籍。。。只是因为中国大陆放弃了多重国籍政策，导致你失去了中国国籍，，，印度尼西亚政府迫不得已给你发放了印尼国籍。。但那不意味着你成为他们自己人。。一旦中国大陆民主化，给海外华人更大的自由和恢复入籍政策，印尼政府将随时可以收回你的印尼国籍。。印尼不会信任持有印尼护照的异族人。。这在所有国家都一样，不会信任大量的异族人。。哪怕你们都是这个国家的公民。。


作为自身人身安全考虑，你最好还是离开那里， 在第三方国家生活。。或者，做好随时离开的准备，当你的国家不再接受你的时候，你可以随时离开。。


If the main ethnicity of your country is not the same race as you, as a different race, you must remember that it is an ethnic country of different ethnicities, not your ethnic state. The so-called you are all the same citizens, it is a terrible lie . .
In peacetime, thats ok, but in the event of economic downturn, war, riots, you will be  the enemy of the country. .you will be the victim 。。

This is not uncommon in history. During World War II, Americans put Japanese descendants into concentration camps. If Japan attacks the United States beach, these people will soon face death. .
In Indonesia, there have been many racial vendettas. . .
In China, it is also a multi-ethnic country. Tibetans and Xinjiang ppl also hold china nationality, but the Chinese do not really trust them. . Of course, on the surface,，govt said they are same china citizen, but in fact beware of other  race. . Every   if you are an Indonesian Chinese, Malaysian Chinese, china  can trust you, but will never trust  different ethnicities holding china passports. ...bcz govmt know ,u just hold Foreign country passport，but u r true chinese,,and Tibetans,they have china passport ,but they are another race,they r not be trust ,they are not true chinese...


Therefore, as a  Indonesian Chinese ，，essentially,, ur fisrt  nationality is  china . . . Just because mainland China has abandoned its multiple nationality policy ,so  you  lost China nationality, the Indonesian government has no choice but to grant you Indonesian nationality. . But that doesn't mean you become their own. . Once mainland China is democratized, giving overseas Chinese greater freedom and restoring naturalization policies, the Indonesian government will be able to take back your Indonesian nationality at any time. . Indonesia  never trust chinese who hold Indonesian passports. . This is the same in all countries, and will not trust a large number of interracial people. . Even if you are all citizens of this country. .


For your own personal safety, you'd better leave there and live in a third country. . Or, be prepared to leave at any time, when your country no longer accepts you, you can leave at any time. .

